README.md, before:

# Data Science SoSe22
=====================

[Comic](https://betaandbit.github.io/RML/) with the underlying story.\
[Script](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MI2DataLab/ResponsibleML-UseR2021/main/modelsXAI.html)\
Original [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1080/01605682.2021.1922098).

[Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O3Ft7GbJ1hqPAjUR4bQ16ahWxeK0VXxL3B9XckXXo4w/edit?usp=sharing) to insert your kaggle results

**Further reading**:
- **New**: [Whitepaper on mlr3shiny](https://www.ki-mv.de/whitepaper-serie/)
- **New**: [mlr3 book](https://mlr3book.mlr-org.com/index.html)
- **New**: [Comprehensive paper on Hyperparameter Optimization](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.05847)
- **New**: Book on [exploratory model analysis](https://ema.drwhy.ai/) with more details on the methods used in this lecture.
- [ISL](https://www.statlearning.com/)  -- one of the best books on machine learning.
- Some examples for using gglot2 with underling code in the [R graph gallery](https://r-graph-gallery.com/ggplot2-package.html)
- Book on [R for data science](https://r4ds.had.co.nz/) using the tidyverse.

Commit message:

link to explainability paper added

README.md, after:

# Data Science SoSe22
=====================

[Comic](https://betaandbit.github.io/RML/) with the underlying story.\
[Script](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MI2DataLab/ResponsibleML-UseR2021/main/modelsXAI.html)\
Original [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1080/01605682.2021.1922098).

[Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O3Ft7GbJ1hqPAjUR4bQ16ahWxeK0VXxL3B9XckXXo4w/edit?usp=sharing) to insert your kaggle results

**Further reading**:
- **New**: [Whitepaper on mlr3shiny](https://www.ki-mv.de/whitepaper-serie/)
- **New**: [mlr3 book](https://mlr3book.mlr-org.com/index.html)
- **New**: [Comprehensive paper on Hyperparameter Optimization](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.05847)
- **New**: Book on [exploratory model analysis](https://ema.drwhy.ai/) with more details on the methods used in this lecture.
- **New**: [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.13376) on explainability of machine learning models. 
- [ISL](https://www.statlearning.com/)  -- one of the best books on machine learning.
- Some examples for using gglot2 with underling code in the [R graph gallery](https://r-graph-gallery.com/ggplot2-package.html)
- Book on [R for data science](https://r4ds.had.co.nz/) using the tidyverse.
